.\" Copyright (c) 1983, 1991, 1993
.\"	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     From: @(#)send.2	8.2 (Berkeley) 2/21/94
.\" $FreeBSD: src/lib/libc/sys/send.2,v 1.32 2005/06/15 19:04:04 ru Exp $
.\"
.Dd December 15, 2006
.Dt SCTP_RECVMSG 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm sctp_xxxxx
.Nd describe short
.Sh LIBRARY
.Lb libc
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In sys/types.h
.In sys/socket.h
.In sys/sctp.h
.Ft ssize_t <return value
.Fn sctp_recvmsg "int s" "void *msg" "size_t len" "struct sockaddr * restrict from" "socklen_t * restrict fromlen" "struct sctp_sndrcvinfo *sinfo" "int *flags"
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Fn sctp_recvmsg
system calls

.Sh RETURN VALUES
The call returns the number of characters sent, or -1
if an error occurred.
.Sh ERRORS
The
.Fn sctp_recvmsg
.It Bq Er ENOBUFS
The system was unable to allocate an internal buffer.
The operation may succeed when buffers become available.
.It Bq Er ENOBUFS
The output queue for a network interface was full.
This generally indicates that the interface has stopped sending,
but may be caused by transient congestion.
.It Bq Er EHOSTUNREACH
The remote host was unreachable.
.It Bq Er ENOTCON
On a one to one style socket no association exists.
.It Bq Er ECONNRESET
An abort was received by the stack while the user was
attempting to send data to the peer.
.It Bq Er ENOENT
On a one to many style socket no address is specified
so that the association cannot be located or the
SCTP_ABORT flag was specified on a non-existing association.
.It Bq Er EPIPE
The socket is unable to send anymore data
.Dv ( SBS_CANTSENDMORE
has been set on the socket).
This typically means that the socket
is not connected and is a one-to-one style socket.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr sctp 4 ,
.Xr sendmsg 3 ,
.Xr sctp_sendmsg 3 ,
.Xr sctp_send 3 ,
.Xr getsockopt 2 ,
.Xr setsockopt 2 ,
.Xr recv 2 ,
.Xr select 2 ,
.Xr socket 2 ,
.Xr write 2

